Hello there! I'm the Virtual Youtuber kizuna AI
Sports climbing has been officially declared as one of the games in the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2020
Today, I'll be introducing to you the exciting climbing experience through a game known as...
The Climb
This is an Oculus Touch game
Let's get right to it!
Let's play
Alright, I'll begin climbing now!
For this stage,
since it's the tutorial stage
The mountain doesn't look too great but,
the sky is really pretty, isn't it
I've never seen the real sky before,
but it's probably similar to this
I can grasp the sun!
In any case,
let's begin climbing
It's sort of like this.
Hmm, this..
If you're holding on with one hand,
it turns red
and goes "prrr prrr"
With both hands holding on
The gauge starts to fill back up.
My hands have chalk but
Oh, it's something like this
There's chalk on my hands but,
it would be bad if the chalk starts to diminish
Put on the chalk like this
Ah, that's bad
Shake it
I can't let go for long
If you take it with one hand, it's dangerous.
It's quite difficult to put on chalk
Without chalk
it's sort of like a "ssassasa" kind of feeling
How do i do this?
Oh yes
i can't grab on
this
over and..
Ah, shoot. That's bad
wait
Let's change our hands for a while.
Um, like this and then
I put my hand here and
That's the way to do it
Put on the chalk..
Putting this chalk on
I've gotta hurry
And now
This is dangerous
Oh, looks like I can reach it
How can I use this?
Since it's a tutorial, it's really considerate  with teaching us how to get across when we're stuck.
How considerate
Hmm? Sho.. Show puff? Oh..
Am I supposed to press this?
Should I press it?
Hmm?
Hmm? Hmm?
Do I have to go here?
This is bad, this is bad.
This is bad, This is bad.
What does it say?
Do I have to press this?
Ah, I see, I see.
This is bad,
When I do this,
I, uh...
When I press this green button
A path will appear
Ah, so that's the case
And now?
Oh, they appeared.
So that's how it works.
Oh, I see now
Gotta remember the chalk
Alright, jump!
Jump,
Jump... jump
Here we go! Aaaaaah!
Eh? Didn't it say to jump.
Jump!
It said to jump so I did.
I fe-fell off.
I fell off
I fell though...
jump
Jump!
Aaah!
Wa-wa-wait a second here.
No, no, no.
Come on! Is it really that hard to make a  jump!?
Jump! there! Woah!
Third time's the charm.
Chalk
Push and re-?
Re- Release
To jump
Huh, what?
Ah, I got it now. So I face this way, and then... I jump!
Huh? huh?
I'm still alive?
Ah, it looks like I fell. So that's what happened.
Jump!
It's looking good,
then from here on,
jump!
Awesome, I made it.
I see
This is how you do it
(Tutorial cleared!)
I made it
Eh, could it be you humans in real life actually..
Put your life on the line just for a climb
That's quite like *that* isn't it..
Masochistic, right?
Take a look at this!
This is a transition from the tutorial environment
Look, isn't the scenery great?
Beautiful,  isn't it ?
I've always been in a white space and never been to a place like this
I'm actually really happy to be able to see this!
Is that a fish?
Wooow, it looks delicious! (but have never tried it before)
Ah, a butterfly!
So that's what they call a butterfly...
There are birds flying around too
Looks delicious. (but have never tried it before)
That aside, I would like to start climbing
Here I go
When we reach the top, there's gonna be a great view
Bug, a bug!!
Was that a cockroach? The one that everyone hates
This isn't too hard
Put on some chalk
Smoothening!
Gotta hand it to the genius A.I., I'd say
The scenery is gradually changing as I climb
The craftmanship in this game
Eww bugs...
Amazing
Ah, this is amazing isn't it?
Whoaa too close, too close!
The chalk is running out...
What do you think of it, my graceful way of handling chalk?
I can't reach...
It's important to carefully decide on which hand to use first
Like this, right?
Ah, I can't get hold of-
I got it
D-Dangerous, that was dangerous!
SAFE!
This...
Did you guys notice?
The sweat that appears on the screen, that's super realistic!
What next?
Ah, above
There are arrows on the rock
Since we're on easy mode, they're being nice
The scenery...
Whoaaa- it's beautiful!!
The sea,
It's really beautiful, isn't it?
I bet it's gonna look amazing once we reach the top
This feels like it's impossible
Are we reaching a save point?
Ah, I should use the other hand,
Like that,
Up here...
Is this, by any chance, one of those where I have to jump?
Jumping...
Ah, no!
That's not it
Th-This...
Ah, this is bad,
the chalk is running out
Alright
I have to grab
Ah! This is bad!
This is bad, bad, bad...
I can't reach...
can't reach...
I can't reach, this is bad
This is bad
What should I do?
This is bad,
NOOO-- no,
E-Eh??
I can't hold on to--
AHHHHH!!
... what is this?
the dead...
The Underworld?
Grey.
However,
this is a game
I won't die!~
Then...
A-Ah, I have to proceed from here!
I see!
This is quite...
Even though it's a game, it actually makes your heart skip a beat when you fall in here
This is rather scary...
Eh, what's next?
Here
This is going smoothly...
Then I grab on to this...
The chalk...
Eh, eh, EHH??
T-There's a sound...
From here... all I have to do is jump--
HYAA!
Wait, wait, wait,
That was dangerous...
This is making my heart pound like crazy!
This is rather mentally demanding, isn't it?
This is pretty scary,
it's quite shocking
I would like everyone to experience this too!
You'll never fully understand this heart-pounding feeling as long as
if you're not playing the game yourself
This is really,
scary as you fall
Looking good
Do I go down from here?
Go down and...
Go down...
Which way?
Oh! I see
Ooh, ah-
Look at the sunset, isn't it beautiful?
The time in here is passing while I climb my way up
Here we are, a checkpoint
What's next,
this way?
Up here, I see
Whoaa, bugs!
Ah, here we go
Am I finished?
Such a great view!
I wonder where's the starting point
Around there?
This is a wonderful sight
as I thought, there's more to go
I think the goal is where that "C" is
We're almost there, we can already see it
Let's go on!
Now, forward!
From here,
Eh, EHHHH??
Eh?
Okay, I'm gonna give it my all and keep climbing
What happened just now. I wonder what it was
Going up from here
Looking good
What am I supposed to do from here?
From here...
Here
hmm?
A route,
there's a route
Ah, I have to go downwards,
I see
Over here...?
Ah- again
My hands
Ah, it's going well!
and,
hmm?
Like this?
My hands
My poor hands
Wheee!
Ah-
I'm a powder expert~
GOAAAAL!!
How's that?
Ah- the score,
17,321
I wonder how they determine the score
By the speed?
Or something like that?
Wow!
Such a magnificent sight!
It's beautiful, isn't it?
This,
I feel like I've become the ruler of this nation
Please call me,
Queen Kizuna AI!
Well, that was pretty fun, wasn't it?
What do you think, everyone?
I've got myself a new-found talent!
That's all folks,
We've enjoyed The Climb!
How was it, everyone?
The game itself was great but the scenery was so wonderful!
Please do try it out and see it for yourself!
That's all from me,
Virtual Gamer, Kizuna AI!